oh are you okay man I got a pee we're
still five Mike's medias that must be
dumping out I'm just getting my pants on
the network needs reporters on the
ground in Afghanistan you folks are all
the unmarried calvess personnel in this
Bureau and why are you gonna be joining
in the travel or the crime how many
people do you need we shut up for cookie
she says welcome to Afghanistan listen
to me this is where the foreign
reporters lead welcome to the fun house
oh my god southerners have another woman
in the house in Afghanistan you'll be
serious piece of balls in New York
you're like six seven here you are
knowing borderline 10 what are you here
like a 15 yeah
miss Baker this is an extreme
environment I've seen people with actual
experience like bad decisions here you
should let me interview you but I do not
know you how can we get to know each
other
haha excellent
it's bananas here Alvie I can do this we
are all here for a reason so what's your
reason I just wanted out of my job I
wanted out of my mildly depressive
boyfriend what are we doing Kim just
wanted to blow everything up that's the
most American white today.these story
I've ever heard
look why don't we go big or we go honey
I need a story I need to get something
on the air it's too dangerous
don't you think that would be great that
kind of exposure pretty good for you to
rob beggar guess so
last night what happened
the usual Kabul happened
today call those first licensed female
driver gu bahar you Steffi hits the road
that sucks for women
you